Fancy dress is all about fun, with us all wearing our comedy outfits for exactly the same reason. To have a good time, have a laugh, and create a sense of amusement and fun across our friends and family. At Smiffys we understand that fun and fancy dress go hand in hand, and have been working tirelessly to collect and compile an ever-expanding range of funny fancy dress costumes for both male and female that is guaranteed to get the party going. It doesn't matter if you want to stand out as a Studmeister Beer Bottle, cause hilarity as the Well Hung Highlander or get the shots poured in our Tequila Bottle Costume, Smiffys are here to help provide the best service so you can save all your energy for fun. So why don't you have a browse around our wide selection of funny fancy dress and see what comedy costumes and accessories you can uncover. Fight all evil and your archenemy, Skeletor, with the officially licensed He-Man/Prince Adam Costume. Included is a muscle jumpsuit with belt, cuffs, bootcovers and inflatable sword. You'll look instantly recognisable. Try and hide in the crowd with the officially licensed Where's Wally? Costume. Included is Wally's classic top, trousers, glasses and hat. Hitler. You'll look instantly recognisable! The bespectacled Wally has become a favourite, worldwide! Try and blend into the crowd with this costume! Look instantly recognisable in the officially licensed Where's Wally? Wenda Costume. This female licensed fancy dress costume includes a top, skirt, glasses, tights and hat. The Smiffys Gimp Costume is a black bodysuit complete with straps and chainmail pants, and is perfect for the more risqu? party goers out there! Mrs Browns Boys fans will love dressing up in Smiffys official licensed costume! With a padded dress, cardigan, wig, glasses, handkerchief and mole, you?ll look the spitting image of this loud-mouthed, Irish matriarch! Perfect for a Stag Night, this Well Hung Highlander Costume is the ultimate fun fancy dress costume. This Scottish themed outfit includes a hat with hair and beard, top, sash, kilt, sporran, socks and endowment. Dictator Costume, Grey, with Trousers & Jacket. All going south? Speed up the ageing process with the Gravity Granny Costume. This female comedy fancy dress costume includes a dressing gown and bodysuit. Add our Granny Bun Wig to complete the look. Transform into the instantly recognisable Shrek Fiona Costume. The officially licensed costume from the box office hit, Shrek, is perfect for ladies. Included is a dress, wig and headband. Invest in Smiffy's Make-Up FX to complete the green complexion. Look instantly recognisable in the officially licensed Rubik's Cube Costume. This iconic female fancy dress costume includes a headband, dress and bag. It?s perfect for a party! But bella wanted another vampire to add to the mixing pot. Suicide by gunshot. Warning: This product belongs to the category of Costumes and Accessories. Official Minecraft - Steve Digging - Reusable Vinyl Wall Decal. Keep hostiles away from your room. Looks just like the torch from the game. Officially licensed Minecraft collectible. Hangs on your wall or sits on a table. Desire Deluxe 32cm Poo Emoticon Smile Styles Pillow Emoticon Poop Shaped Round Cushion Pillow Stuffed Plush Soft Face Doll Toy Decor. Cute Emoti Emoticon Smiley Soft Stuffed Round Yellow Plush Pillow Cushion Stuffed Toy Doll Pillow. 100% Satisfaction or Money Back Guarantee. (Smile Face Poo). Lifeguard costume includes jumpsuit. Looking for a seriously fun disguise? Try a Smiffy's costume on for size! Perfect for carnival, theme parties and Halloween. Contents: 1 x Smiffy's Women's 1970's Dancing Dream Costume, Lace up Jumpsuit, Does Not Include Wig or Microphone, 70s Disco Fever, Size: 8-10, Colour: Blue, 41159. Adult Men's Funny, 70's Big Daddy, Red Pimp Fancy Dress Costume. One Size Costume But Usually Fits Mens Small, Medium And Large. Perfect For A Stag Do. If you're one for making an entrance then there really is nothing more striking or awe provoking than the Air blown Inflatable Cowboy and Horse Costume. Fancy dress parties will never be the same again. For if you disguise yourself in this inspired creation, we can promise you'll feel like a genuine root in' toot in' cowboy. A costume-and-a-half to put tarts, vicars, babies and sheiks in the shade, the Cowboy and Horse costume will inflate itself and keep air circulation within the suite at an optimum. Simply add a Butch Cassidy cowboy hat, a silver pistol and a sheriff's badge. Step into the suite and inflate. In seconds you'll find yourself surrounded by a horse body, concealing your legs and giving the illusion to all onlookers that you are actually riding it. Animating the horse is easy through the reigns attached to its head. These enable the user to turn, lift and drop the horses head in coordination with their own movements. Yeeeeeeeeehaaa. One size (fits most male and female adults). Includes built in fan to inflate the costume and hat. Designed for hilarity, style and ease of use. Supersize yourself and be the life and soul of the party! After use, simply hand wash, line dry and you are ready for the next party! Fancy Dress Blow Up Party Cosplay Costume Funny Novelty. This brilliant Naked Man costume is the ideal choice for your Halloween party or themed event. This costume would be a fantastic choice for a stag weekend. Looking for a seriously fun disguise? Try a Smiffy's costume on for size! Package includes: 1 x Smiffy's Adult Men's Aerobics Instructor Costume, Bodysuit, Hat and Bum Bag, Back to the 90's, Serious Fun, Size M, 23696. Adult gangster fancy dress set in black or white. Includes trilby hat, satin tie, braces, artificial cigar, 6 moustaches, carnation flower and inflatable gun. One size fits all. 6 Moustaches are self-adhesive. Ideal fancy dress set for either gangsters or 1920's Great Gatsby era. 24 hour dispatch - UK SELLER. This hilarious Inflatable Willy Costume is the ideal fancy dress outfit for stag do's or parties! If you are looking for something to get you noticed, a 7ft todger will most likely do it. Our inflatable costumes are incredibly simple to put on and inflate in seconds. Simply tighten the leg toggles, pop the battery pack on your belt, get someone to zip you up and stand erect as the costume inflates around you.Maybe you are planning a naughty Birthday party, or perhaps you need a mascot costume for a weird campaign? The Inflatable Willy Costume is the ideal solution for bringing foreskin to the forefront of your costume needs. Inflatable Willy Costume * The Inflatable Willy Costume consists of a 1 piece outfit with elasticated drawstring wrist, ankle and head holes. * This fancy dress costume inflates via a small fan on the back of the costume which is attached to a battery pack * The battery pack takes 4 x AA batteries (not included) which can be found on our website * Stores neatly back into its box again after each use! * The inflatable costumes are the perfect gift for anyone between 4.5 and 6ft tall!Feel a bit of a knob when you are the only person who didn't make an effort for your in-law's fancy dress party? Now you can blow them all away with your very own Inflatable Willy Costume! Adolf. What's in the Inflatable Willy Costume box? * 1 x Inflatable Willy Costume * 1 x Battery pack.